fix: replace consul with core-keeper (#1398)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/api/core/Ch-APICoreConfigurationAndRegistry.md

Please see the paragraph on this page of Service Registration section.

## Consul UI
!!! Note

>     Consul will be deprecated in EdgeX 4.0, and core-keeper will become the new registry and configuration provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Consul is deprecated now due to the license change and will be replaced with core-keeper as the default service registry and configuration provider in EdgeX 4.0.
```

Author: updated
